
Id: achbar-01
<note>Media: DVD; Book by Joel Bakan</note>

Id: achor-01
<note>3 Gratitudes<br /> Journaling<br /> Exercise<br /> Meditation<br
/></note>

Id: ackoff-01
<note>Russell L. Ackoff. In the Circular Organization, a democratic
hierarchy, everyone participates directly or indirectly in decisions
that affect their work.</note>

Id: agnos-01
<note>Sustainable Human</note>

Id: alex-01
<note>Women hunt in vast majority of foraging societies, upending old
stereotypes</note>

Id: allen-01
# Old: youtube-074
<note><a
href="http://www.yesmagazine.org/issues/food-for-everyone/growing-power-in-an-urban-food-desert"
target="_blank">Food for Everyone, Growing Power in an Urban Food
Desert</a> - Yes Magazine article and video</p> <p><a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Will_Allen_(urban_farmer)"
target="_blank">Wikipedia: Will Allen (urban farmer)</a></p> <p><a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Growing_Power"
target="_blank">Wikipedia: Growing Power</a></note>

Id: alperovitz-01
<note>This illustrated presentation from distinguished historian and
political economist Gar Alperovitz is a rare and stunning
exception. Pointing to efforts already underway in thousands of
communities across the U.S., from co-ops and community land trusts to
municipal, state, and federal initiatives that promote
entrepreneurship and sustainability, Alperovitz marshals years of
research to show how bottom-up strategies can work to check
monopolistic corporate power, democratize wealth, and empowered
communities. The result is a highly accessible look at the current
economy and a common-sense roadmap for building a system more in sync
with American values.</note>

Id: alternet-01
<note>Broken link, so see [jacobs-01]</note>

Id: ariely-01
<note>Behavioral economist Dan Ariely, the author of Predictably
Irrational, uses classic visual illusions and his own counteractive
(and sometimes shocking) research findings to show how we're not as
rational as we think when we make decisions.</p> <p>See also:</p>
<p>2010-01-03 - <a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_on_our_buggy_moral_code.html"
target="_blank">Dan Ariely on our buggy moral code</a></note>
263

Id: ashenden-01
<note><p>So what is motivating these publishers in their desire to
strike at the Archive, if not money? One can only guess, but a clue
may lie in the recently updated versions of works by writers like Ian
Fleming, Agatha Christie, Roald Dahl and P.G. Wodehouse. Unlike hard
copies, digital versions are sold to libraries on a licence basis and
must be regularly repurchased, allowing publishers to make revisions
right across the board and remove earlier editions from circulation
altogether.</p>
<p>'In electronic form they can change all books in all libraries all
at once and irreversibly without permission,' says Kahle. 'This is
dangerous. It is not hypothetical, it is happening.'</p>
</note>

Id: baker-01
<note>What does "Freedom" mean to you?</p> <p>Work less? Buy
less.</note>

Id: bender-01
<note>FAccT '21, March 3-10, 2021, Virtual Event, Canada Bender and
Gebru, et al. This paper resulted in Google firing Timnit
Gebru.</note>

Id: benjamin-01
<note>Fun</note>

Id: berry-02
# Old: youtube-088
<note>Amazing!</note>

Id: black-02
<note>Compiled from the perspective of Eknath Easwaran of the Blue
Mountain Center of Meditation</note>

Id: blue-01
<note>New research suggests a person's reliance on his or her
smartphone predicts greater loneliness and depressive symptoms, as
opposed to the other way around.</note>

Id: bolinsky-01
<note>www.metablast.org</note>

Id: bollier-01
<note>In This Land is Our Land, acclaimed author David Bollier, a
leading figure in the global movement to reclaim the commons, bucks
the rising tide of anti-government extremism and free market ideology
to show how commercial interests are undermining our collective
interests.</note>

Id: bonar-01
# Old: youtube-085
<note>Really funny magician.</note>

Id: brand-04
<note>Excellent analysis.</note>

Id: brin-01
<note><p>the core essential fact about human nature.</p>
<p><i>We are all inherently delusional.</i><p>
<p>The more intensely you believe something, the more willingly you
should check it out, now and then. Hence we know the only truly
effective antidote to delusion that has ever been discovered is...</p>
<p>The criticism of others.</p>
<p>Criticism even—especially— by your enemies.</p>
<p>Oh, that’s not to say you’re doomed always to be wrong!  For one
thing, science has provided many self-check tools that reduce rates
and levels of delusion, applying experimental and experiential honesty
to enhance the central catechism that made science so successful. A
pair of simple sentences spoken not just by scientists, but by any
person with an ounce of decency or maturity.</p>
<p><i>“I might be wrong. Let’s find out.”</i></p></note>

Id: brin-02
<note>See also: olson-01, olson-02, evans-02, oliver-01
</note>

Id: brinkhurst-cuff-01
<note><p>Flat or tall hierarchy? That is the wrong question! The
proper question is how are the leaders in the hierarchy selected, from
the top or the bottom, and are they evaluated by people at the top or
the bottom? See a proper description of democratic corporations
at:<br> https://semcostyle.us/, <br>
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondrag%C3%B3n, and<br>
https://www.amazon.com/Democratic-Corporation-Prescription-Recreating-Rediscovering/dp/0195087275</p>
</note>

Id: browne-01
<note>Media: DVD</note>

Id: burgess-06
<note><p>The key to knowledge is relationship — personal
relationship. It takes time, maybe years to really know someone, their
strengths and weaknesses, their reliability, whether or not we can
trust their character — so that we know how to use them to help us in
our own struggles. It's the same with books. Parroting something from
a book is not the same as knowing the subject.</p>
<p>Knowledge is about <i>trust in the journey</i> we take to learn
something. Knowledge may involve things and ideas, but its how they
interact that matters.</p></note>

Id: burgess-07
<note><blockquote>trust is not the important thing but actually
Mistrust is the thing that drives human
cooperation. {burgess-07:1h:15m:44s}</blockquote> <p>That is, we pay
attention to what others are doing because we are interested in what
they are doing (or it could affect us), but we may not trust what they
are doing or how they are doing it.</p> <p>Papers written with Robin
Dunbar: burgess-08, burgess-09</p> </note>

Id: butler-01
<note>Media: epub. See also: Darwin Among the Machines, by Maria
Popova [popova-01]</note>

Id: butler-02
<note>Part of "A First Year in Canterbury Settlement with Other Early
Essays", by Samuel Butler, 1914.</note>

Id: cain-01
<note>Right on! <ol> <li>Stop the maddness for <i>constant</i> group
work. (More privacy and autonomy is needed).</li> <li>Go to the
wilderness--have your own revalations&lt;./li&gt;</li> <li>Look at
what is in your suitcase, and share them, but introverts be sure to at
least occasionsionly share what is in your suitcase.</li> </ol></note>

Id: cars-mclarcom-01
<note>Interesting. But what about rocks, bugs, or birds?<br /> Source:
<a
href="https://tech.slashdot.org/story/20/03/15/2236209/new-supercar-technology-does-away-with-windshields">https://tech.slashdot.org/story/20/03/15/2236209/new-supercar-technology-does-away-with-windshields</a></note>

Id: cassella-01
<note><p>See orginal source paper: sherwood-01. Also see: huber-01.
</p></note>

Id: chiang-02
<note><p>"When Silicon Valley tries to imagine superintelligence, what
it comes up with is no-holds-barred capitalism."</p>
<p>"...we are already surrounded by machines that demonstrate a
complete lack of insight, we just call them corporations. Corporations
don’t operate autonomously, of course, and the humans in charge of
them are presumably capable of insight, but capitalism doesn’t reward
them for using it. On the contrary, capitalism actively erodes this
capacity in people by demanding that they replace their own judgment
of what “good” means with “whatever the market decides.”</p>
<p>There are industry observers talking about the need for AIs to have
a sense of ethics, and some have proposed that we ensure that any
superintelligent AIs we create be “friendly,” meaning that their goals
are aligned with human goals. I find these suggestions ironic given
that we as a society have failed to teach corporations a sense of
ethics, that we did nothing to ensure that Facebook’s and Amazon’s
goals were aligned with the public good.</p>
<p>We need for the machines to wake up, not in the sense of computers
becoming self-aware, but in the sense of corporations recognizing the
consequences of their behavior. </p>
</note>




Id: chomsky-01
<note>ChatGPT and similar programs are, by design, unlimited in what
they can learn" (which is to say, memorize); they are incapable of
distinguishing the possible from the impossible.</note>

Id: conley-01
<note>Talk on Gross National Happiness (King of Bhutan)</note>

Id: conover-02
<note>See also: [mcalevey-01]</note>

Id: conover-03
<note><p>Creators: Jon Cohen; Adam Conover; Jon Wolf</p> <p>Series
Produced by:<br> Jes Anderson - producer;<br> Suzy Beck -
co-producer;<br> James Burns - co-producer;<br> Hallie Haglund -
executive;<br> Zachary Halley - producer;<br> Gwyn Martin-Morris -
post producer;<br> Priya Swaminathan - executive producer;<br> Barack
Obama - executive producer;<br> Michelle Obama - executive
producer;<br> Jon Cohen - executive producer;<br> Adam Conover -
executive producer;<br> Tonia Davis - producer;<br> Jon Wolf -
executive producer; </p>
<p>Big government moves slow because power is dispersed by design.
Government isn't just the Federal government.  Focus on local
government to have more immediate impact.  The US has 4% of world
population, and 20% of the worlds prison population.  90% of people
are held in state and local prisions.  The politician most responsible
for those 90% is the local Distric Attorney (the ones who run on being
tough on crime).  Success story: Reclaim Philadelphia. Formed to elect
a progressive DA.  Their candidate won twice as much as the incombant.
Connect with people's common interests.</p> </note>

Id: cross-01
<note><pre> Myth #1 - Education will change behavior - How you present
the information:: - Make information tangible, personalized,
interaction -Hearing what you are losing is more effective than
hearing what you are gaining -Unique messages for different
audiences. Myth #2 - You need to change attitudes to change behavior -
Example: need to believe global warming to do things differently (Not)
- Attitudes follow behavior - Set behavioral expectations - Connect to
values Myth #3 - People know that motivates them to take action -
Social norms work better (example street musicians, seeding with money
is not enough, they should have friend put money in their
pot. </pre></note>

Id: culture-01
<note>'When it comes to someone fighting for his life on death row or
someone longing for the right to die at life's end, America generally
goes with the least empathetic option.'</note>

Id: daedone-01
<note>Most-popular TEDxSF<br /> "It roots our fundamental capacity for
connection."</note>

Id: democracynow-01
<note><ul> <li> <p>State legislatures and Corporations draft
"template" laws</p> </li> <li> <p><a
href="http://www.webcitation.org/60j7jJgJJ" target="_blank">Secretive
Corporate-Legislative Group ALEC Holds Annual Meeting to Rewrite State
Laws</a><br /> <a href="http://alecexposed.com/wiki/ALEC_Exposed"
target="_blank">ALEC Exposed</a></p> </li> <li> <p><a
href="http://www.webcitation.org/60j7W7SPq" target="_blank">New Expose
Tracks ALEC-Private Prison Industry Effort to Replace Unionized
Workers with Prison Labor</a> - The new slavery: prison workers</p>
</li> </ul></note>

Id: dickie-01
<note>A 2020 study in the Journal of Scientific Advances found that,
rather than lasting for only an hour, dangerous wet-bulb temperatures
could persist for six or more hours by 2060 — killing anyone who can't
take cover.</note>

Id: doctorow-01
<note>Great sequel to "Little Brother"</p> <p><a
href="http://craphound.com/littlebrother/download/"
target="_blank">Free download of "Little Brother"</a></p> <p><a
href="http://craphound.com/homeland/download/" target="_blank">Free
download of "Homeland"</a></p> <p>But if you like it, buy a copy,
ebook or paperback!</note>

Id: doctorow-02
<note><a
href="http://MakeLoveNotPorn.com">http://MakeLoveNotPorn.com</a></note>

Id: doctorow-09
<note>by Cory Doctorow. (109 min read) Surveillance capitalism is just
capitalism - with surveillance. Here's how to beat it.</note>

Id: doctorow-11
<note>This is a great overview of The Dawn of Everything</note>

Id: doctorow-15
<note><p>Luddism and science fiction concern themselves with the same
questions: not merely <i>what</i> the technology does, but <i>who</i>
it does it <i>for</i> and who it does it <i>to</i>.</p></note>

Id: dugan-01
<note>DARPA</note>

Id: economy-01
<note>This is a continuation of his book "You are not a gadget". 448
pages of very unique analysis of culture and economy</note>

Id: eisenstein-12
<note>kindle edition</note>

Id: eisenstein-14
<note><p>In a way, they are in a cult. It's a group of people holding
a different belief system and reinforcing it for each other. </p>
<p>It's almost impossible to hold a different belief system from the
dominant one by yourself. You naturally seek out other people who echo
it back to you, and who can help you elaborate it and explore it. The
formation of a new culture is a group process.  The word cult and the
word culture are obviously related. I would say that the dominant
culture could be called a cult. And the word cult means a culture that
is separate from the dominant culture, therefore, it is called a
cult. What makes a cult toxic—and the dominant culture is toxic—is
when there's severe punishment for deviance, when you face ostracism
and even retribution if you fail to profess the beliefs that the cult
mandates. If you don’t exhibit the behaviors and abide by the taboos
and rituals of the cult, you get in big trouble.</p></note>

Id: ensler-01
<note><p>This is THE best direction for change that I've seen.</p> <p><a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html"
target="_blank">TED: Eve Ensler: Embrace Your Inner Girl</a> - video -
Feelings get in the way of empire building.</p> <p><a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_on_happiness_in_body_and_soul.html"
target="_blank">TED: Eve Ensler: On Happiness In Body And Soul</a> -
video</note>

Id: evans-02
<note>Another talk on algorithmic solutions for gerrymandering. See
olson-01, olson-02, oliver-01</note>

Id: eyck-01
<note>At age 16, Carolina Eyck invented a method for reliabably
playing the Theremin.</p> <p><a href="https://www.carolinaeyck.com/"
target="_blank">Carolina Eyck | Theremin and Voice</a></note>

Id: fairly-01
<note>... aggregators such as Amazon.com-as well as proponents of free
music file sharing-have created a hive mind mentality emphasizing
quantity over quality." Most importantly, creators are NOT rewarded
fairly.</note>

Id: falkvinge-01
<note>Good viewpoint on why internet freedom is so important.</note>

Id: fce-01
<note>This is the organization that Scott Peck mentioned at the end of
his book. Unfortunately, one of the posts, that I came across, said
everything "dried up" when Scott stopped touring. Looking at people's
comments, it looks like no one has responded since ???.</p> <p>This is
their Facebook page. It looks it has some activity, but very
minimal. https://www.facebook.com/Foundation-for-Community-Encouragement-FCE-299512419438</p>
<p>It looks like some of FCE has
survived. See:[[https://www.google.com/url?q=http://movedtospeak.org/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1657513929952760&usg=AOvVaw0RkABPyxBv4uJTxAZZlbak][
]][[https://www.google.com/url?q=http://movedtospeak.org/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1657513929952861&usg=AOvVaw1kh6NRsTmgZVd1-XSYNTSk][http://movedtospeak.org/]]</note>

Id: feynman-01
<note>Link to a number of interview videos.</note>

Id: feynman-02
# Old: youtube-109
<note>"The problem with playing tricks on highly intelligent people is
that the time it takes for them to realize what exactly has happened
from the moment they see something wrong is too short to provide any
pleasure." He said this after a prank he played on Teller (with
Teller's desk drawer).</p> <p>At 5:48 Richard Feynman at Princeton
meets great men (Richard learns that great men remember and argue
fast)</note> 1 418 261

Id: fonda-01
<note>Patriarchy steals women's voices (at about age 15), and it
steals men's hearts (at about age 5)</p> <p>Cindy Sheehan: We're
preaching to the choir, but the choir's not singing.</p> <p>Related:
<a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/jane_fonda_life_s_third_act.html">Jane
Fonda: Life's third act</a> - TED video</note>

Id: fridman-01
<note>See also Jonathan Haidt</note>

Id: fried-01
# Old: youtube-010
<note>Why people can't seem to get work done at work.</p> <p>When
asked, where got when you really need to get something done? Most
people will answer with:</p> <ol> <li>A place, a location, or a
room</li> <li>A moving object (e.g. train, plane)</li> <li>A time</li>
</ol> <p>No one answers with "the office".</p> <p>The "day" is
shredded in to "work moments".</p> <p>Creative people need long
stretches of time to get work done. Duh, this has been measured by
many consultants (see Tom DeMarco): it takes 20min to get in a
productive "flow" mode. Good metaphor: would you say you slept well if
you were woken up once an hour, through the night? Work is like
that.</p> <p>The main problem: MM, Meetings and Manager.</p> <p>Some
things to try:</p> <ul> <li>No talk Thursdays, or maybe just no talk
Thursday afternoons.</li> <li>Use passive communication (email, IM,
etc.) - but you can not be required to answer right away.</li>
<li>Just cancel meetings.</li> </ul></note>

Id: fromm-01
# Old: youtube-042
<note>Even more relevant to our current culture.</p> <p><a
href="http://www.erich-fromm.de/data/pdf/2008a-e.pdf"
target="_blank">2008a-e The Automaton Citizen and Human Rights</a> -
pdf</p> <p><a href="http://www.erich-fromm.de/e/play.php?shownews=81"
target="_blank">Other Articles by Erich Fromm</a></note>

Id: games-slashdot-01
<note><a href="http://www.webcitation.org/61C1HfUo4"
target="_blank">Geeks Beat Jocks as Bar Fight Breaks Out Over Control
of the TV</a></p> <p><a href="http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/"
target="_blank">StarCraft Home</a></note>

Id: gates-01
# Old: youtube-062
<note>We are living in the scenario he showed in the talk, 5 years
ago!</note>

Id: gatto-01
<note>This a kindle book, from original edition 1992. The ISBN is for
the paperback book.  The ASIN is for an Amazon listing that might
match the paperback book.</note>

Id: gatto-06
<note>This is the 2003 paperback edition. The Link is to a 2005 online
edition. The AltLink is to my copy of the 2003 to 2004 online
edtion.</note>

Id: gatto-09
# Old: youtube-090
<note>This is a remix that combines a number of separate
postings. This is really good overview of what education should
be.</p> <p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A4CCvheAac"
target="_blank">John Taylor Gatto: Elite Schooling - Part 2 of 2 (A
summary of the books he has written.</a></note>

Id: gene-01
<note>by Mean Gene</p> <p>Description has the parts list.</p> <p>Also:
<a href="https://github.com/gururise/directional_speaker"
target="_blank">gururise/directional_speaker</a></note>

Id: getpocket-01
<note>...from a book called The Elements of Eloquence: How to Turn the
Perfect English Phrase. Adjectives, writes the author, professional
stickler Mark Forsyth, "absolutely have to be in this order:<br />
opinion-size-age-shape-color-origin-material-purpose Noun.<br /> So
you can have a lovely little old rectangular green French silver
whittling knife. But if you mess with that order in the slightest
you'll sound like a maniac."</note>

Id: gilbert-01
<note>Dan Gilbert presents research and data from his exploration of
happiness -- sharing some surprising tests and experiments that you
can also try on yourself. Watch through to the end for a sparkling
Q&amp;A with some familiar TED faces.</p> <p>Great examples of the
errors in the philosophy of "Utility".</note>

Id: gilens-01
<note>American politics, about who has power and who does not.  It's
from 2014, their conclusion is "The central point that emerges from
our research is that economic elites and organized groups representing
business interests have substantial independent impacts on
U.S. government policy, while mass-based interest groups and average
citizens have little or no independent influence."</note>

Id: gov-uk-01
<note>Found with seach for: "Precision Breeding". See Non-GMO Project
Certified Also: nongmoshopingguide.com</note>

Id: graeber-01
<note>A good summary of the movement.</note>

Id: graeber-02
<note><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOBeHwyVKJs&amp;feature=related"
target="_blank">NEED TO KNOW | Are we slaves to debt? The history of
spending more than we have | PBS</a> - video</p> <p><a
href="https://occupywallst.org/"
target="_blank">https://occupywallst.org/</a> - (<a
href="http://www.webcitation.org/61pYwsBo1"
target="_blank">WebCite</a>)</p> <p><a
href="http://mhpbooks.com/book.php?id=308" target="_blank">Book: Debt,
The First 5,000 Years, by David Graeber</a> - (<a
href="http://www.webcitation.org/61pY2gEMn"
target="_blank">WebCite</a>)</p> <p><a
href="http://www.democracynow.org/shows/2011/9/19"
target="_blank">www.democracynow.org/2011/9/19</a> - (<a
href="/rel/archive/video/ThirdParty/democrracy-now/Demnow-DemocracyNowMondaySeptember192011213.mp4"
target="_blank">Local archive of video</a>)</note>

Id: graeber-03
<note><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQXe_xAcpAU"
target="_blank">Part 2/2</a> - video</note>

Id: graeber-04
<note>Excellent overview of the main points in his book. Funny quote:
"Politics is that one domain of human existence in which behavior that
would otherwise be psychotic is actually effective."<br /> Saved a
local copy of this...</note>

Id: graeber-05
<note><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvhiCEEcLy4"
target="_blank">part 2/2</a> - video</note>

Id: graeber-06
<note>Charlie Rose. 2006?</note> Id: graeber-11 <note>See also
[srslywrong-01]</note>

Id: graeber-12
<note>David Graeber talked about jobs that he says qualify as
employment but are pointless and unnecessary. David Graeber was
interviewed by Cory Doctorow.</note>

Id: grant-01
<note>The word is "empathic distress:" hurting for others while
feeling unable to help.</note>

Id: graves-01
<note>Handout prepared by Chris Cowan for Dr. Gaves's presentation in
Boston, Mass., May 20, 1981 (PDF photocopy)</note>

Id: gross-01
<note>Sterling engine, and dynamic mirrors</note>

Id: haidt-01
<note>See also: 2009-05-28 - Conservatives Live In a Different Moral
Universe--and here's why it matters</note>

Id: hanauer-01
<note>Published on May 17, 2012</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOsZSIcU9OM" target="_blank">Nick
Hanauer on His Banned TED Talk &amp; Why the Middle Class are the Job
Creators</a> - Published on May 30, 2012 - From the Majority Report,
live M-F 12 noon EST and via daily podcast at
http://Majority.FM:</note>

Id: handcock-01
<note><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoG4XmEZsXc"
target="_blank">Graham Hancock talks about his banned TED talk on the
Lifeboat Hour with Mike Ruppert - 2013-17-03</a> - audio</p> <p><a
href="http://www.grahamhancock.com/forum/HancockG6-TheWarOnConsciousness.php"
target="_blank">The War On Consciousness: The Talk That Gave TED
Indigestion, By Graham Hancock</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hwLMBdnbXk" target="_blank">JRE:
Eddie Huang TED Conference Exposed</a> - Published on Feb 28, 2013 Joe
Rogan talks to Eddie Huang about his experience at the TED
conference.</note>

Id: harari-02
<note>Interviewed by Ari Melber
<blockquote>If you really want to make a change you cannot do it as an
isolated individual. The super power of our species is not individual
genius, it's the ability to cooperate in large
numbers.{harari-02:2173s}</blockquote>
<p>Then he added: 50 people will cooperate as part of a community. And
they will make much bigger changes than 500 isolated individuals.</p>
<p>History is not the study of the past, it is the study of change.</p>
</note>

Id: hari-01
<note>We think our inability to focus is a personal failure to exert
enough willpower over our devices. The truth is even more disturbing:
our focus has been stolen by powerful external forces that have left
us uniquely vulnerable to corporations determined to raid our
attention for profit.</note>

Id: hawken-01
<note>"Paul Hawken has spent more than a decade researching
organizations dedicated to restoring the environment and fostering
social justice. From billion-dollar nonprofits to single-person
dot.causes, these groups collectively comprise the largest movement on
earth, a movement that has no name, leader, or location and that has
gone largely ignored by politicians and the media."</note>

Id: hawks-01
<note>See: [roberts-01] "Years ago, when I was a Georgist, I found a
research paper that concluded something like 'nothing is profitable if
you account for the cost of the degradation of the environment' Like,
if you force capitalist enterprises to pay for the damage they cause
to the environment, they would have no profit. Which means that their
profit is the environmental degradation."</note>

Id: hiss-01
<note></note>

Id: hoehn-01
<note>Most-popular TEDxCMU. Good points for anyone working.</note>

Id: holman-01
<note>Killing mosquito with lasers! All done with consumer
electronics.</note>

Id: huber-01
<note><p>See also sherwood-01 and cassella-01</p></note

Id: hudson-01
<note>Nick Hudson: https://twitter.com/nicklejog</note>

Id: hudson-02
<note><p>Class notes. "Milgram received much criticism for his
experiments, some of which may have been due to the fact that the
results had uncomfortable implications. However, it is arguable that
Milgram did break several of the British Psychological Society's
ethical stated principles:" Consent, Deception, Freedom to withdraw,
Protection. "...it is doubtful whether those experiments would be
allowed to take place now."</p></note>

Id: ivanova-01
<note><p>"A handful of other Delaware towns, including Fenwick Island,
Henlopen Acres and Dagsboro, already allow corporations to vote,
according to Common Cause."</p>
<p>"In 2019, it was revealed that a single property manager who
controlled multiple LLCs voted 31 times in a Newark, Delaware, town
referendum, an incident that led Newark to amend its rules. And
residents in Rehoboth Beach in 2017 beat back a proposal to allow LLCs
to vote."</p></note>

Id: jacobs-01
<note>See also: [haidt-01]</note>

Id: jakubowski-01
<note>Alternate link: <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S63Cy64p2lQ&quot;"
target="_blank">Marcin Jakubowski:</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.yesmagazine.org/new-economy/20-machines-for-diy-civilization-open-source-ecology?utm_source=YTW&amp;utm_medium=Email&amp;utm_campaign=20150109"
target="_blank">20 Machines for DIY Civilization, Open Source
Ecology</a></p> <p><a href="http://vimeo.com/51764445"
target="_blank">Another video</a></note>

Id: jakubowski-02
<note>Watch <a href="http://opensourceecology.org/"
target="_blank">Open Source Ecology</a> Founder Marcin Jakubowski
discuss the prospects for an open source, do it yourself
civilization.</note>

Id: jeremijenko-01
<note>Wow!</note>

Id: johnson-07
<note>Copy:
https://moria.whyayh.com/rel/archive/audio/ThirdParty/political/women-behind-the-montgomery-bus-boycott.mp3</note>

Id: johnson-08
<note>What are you good at? What is the work that needs doing? And
what brings you joy? Where your answers intersect is where you should
put your climate action effort. The important parts are:
Implementation and Leaderful.</note>

Id: jones-01
<note>See image: ManagingACommons.jpg</note>

Id: jones-03
<note>"The Wave" is based on the real experience of a classs at
Cubberley High School in Palo Alto, CA, in April 1967. History teacher
Ron Jones attempted to tteach his pupils the realities of fascism by
encouraging them to form a kind of classroom Hitler Youth.</note>

Id: junk-01
<note>
<blockquote>Briggs writes: The games were, themselves, models of
conflict management through play. And when children learned to
recognize the playful in particular dramas, people stopped playing
those games with them. They stopped tormenting them. The children had
learned to keep their own relationships smoother—to keep out of
trouble, so to speak— and in doing so, they had learned to do their
part in smoothing the relationships of others.{junk-01}</blockquote>
</note>

Id: kawasaki-01
<note><ol> <li>"Experts" are clueless</li> <li>Customers can not tell
you what they need</li> <li>Biggest challenges beget the best
work</li> <li>Design counts</li> <li>Big graphics, Big fonts (in
presentations)</li> <li>Jump curves, not better sameness</li>
<li>"Work" or "doesn't work" is all that matters (don't be
"religious")</li> <li>"Value" is different from "price"</li> <li>"A"
players hire "A+" players (B players hire C players, C players hire
D...)</li> <li>Real CEOs can demo</li> <li>Real entrepreneurs
ship</li> <li>Some things need to be believed to be seen</li>
</ol></note>

Id: kickstarter-01
<note>We have ordered one! The store: <a href="http://printrbot.com/"
target="_blank">http://printrbot.com/</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/lisa_harouni_a_primer_on_3d_printing.html"
target="_blank">Lisa Harouni: A primer on 3D printing</a> -
video</note>

Id: klaas-02 <note><p>Book: "Corruptible: Who Gets Power and How it
Changes Us"<br>

Id: korten-09
<note>"But we are being failed by the society we built. We cannot
expect our dominant institutions to lead us to the transformation on
which a viable human future depends"</note>

Id: kropotkin-01
<note>ReleaseDate: 2003-08-01 [EBook #4341]</note>

Id: kruger-01
<note>Media: DVD</note>

Id: lafont-01
<note>See also: wikipedia-48.
According to the theory, the tightest circle has just five people –
loved ones. That’s followed by successive layers of 15 (good friends),
50 (friends), 150 (meaningful contacts), 500 (acquaintances) and 1500
(people you can recognise). People migrate in and out of these layers,
but the idea is that space has to be carved out for any new
entrants.</note>

Id: lanier-01
<note>This is a continuation of his book "You are not a gadget". 448
pages</note>

Id: lanier-04
# Old: youtube-002
<note>The Internet mistake of "give it away for free, and you will be
rewarded"</p> <p><a
href="http://www.amazon.com/You-Are-Not-Gadget-Manifesto/dp/0307269647/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1277582930&amp;sr=8-1"
target="_blank">You Are Not a Gadget: A Manifesto, by Jaron Lanier</a>
- Read the book's Editorial Review section for a good Q&amp;A with
Jaron, that summarizes his initial points.</note>

Id: le-01
<note>What they are doing is basic bio-feedback.</note>

Id: leipzig-01
<note><pre> People who were happy with their live knew these 5 things:
1. Who they were 2. What they did 3. Who they did if for 4. What those
people wanted or needed 5. What they got out of it, how they changed
as a result </pre> <p>Make other people happy, and taken care of, then
you will be taken care of too.</note>

Id: lessig-01
<note>This is a great example of how the conservitives think and how
liberals would probably agree. See: 2009-07-04 - TED: Jonathan Haidt
on the moral roots of liberals and conservatives</note>

Id: lessig-03
<note>"I don't care who does the <i>electing</i>, as long as I get to
to the nominating."--"Boss" Tweed</p> <p>Solutions:</p> <p>1) Get rid
of "private" money from the party system. I.e. neutralize
Tweedism.</p> <p>2) Get rid of gerrymandering. (See the next link for
a solution)</p> <p>3) Get rid of voting limits.</p> <p>True
representation does not happen, ever, until <i>equal</i>
representation is addressed <i>first</i>.</p> <p>Also by Larry Lessig
(Aug 10, 2017): <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHTBQCpNm5o">How the Net
destroyed democracy | Lawrence Lessig | TEDxBerlinSalon</a> Mainly the
talk is about the change in media control. It gets really interesting
around 15 min.</note>

Id: lichtenfels-03
<note><p>"RING OF POWER, 27th of December 2014" to "RING OF POWER,
21st of February 2015"</p></note>

Id: lim-01
<note>Zappos.com<br /> see also:<br /> 2010-06-26 - Chip Conley:
Measuring what makes life worthwhile<br /> 2010-01-03 - Dan Gilbert on
our mistaken expectations<br /> 2011-12-21 - Brene Brown: The power of
vulnerability<br /></note>

Id: linder-01
<note>For Socrates, being a good person came first; being a good
citizen was a poor second. As a matter of personal integrity, he made
Athenians choose between their love of freedom and their love of
community—and, in the end, they chose community.</note>

Id: linktv-01
<note>Some quotes:</p> <p>Empathy is not really possible in a
hierarchy system--Riane Eisler</p> <p>We institutionalize ignorance,
then we go to war--Deepac Chopra</p> <p>Domination - generates
fear--Riane Eisler</p> <p>Respect, in a hierarchy, is based on fear,
[not admiration]. [paraphrase]--Riane Eisler</p> <p>The meaning of
life is not important. It is important to have an experience of the
depth of life.--Joseph Campbell</p> <p>Stop looking for the right
person, become the right person.---Deepac Chopra</note>

Id: little-01
<note>"As economic crisis paralyzes Western economies, an ideology of
personal responsibility has come to the fore. Conservatives seize on
flaws in self-control as a way of evading questioning the economic
system. The Left, too, blames “greedy banks” in preference to systemic
explanations."</note>

Id: little-02
<note>Describes more about who disobeyed. What are the ingredients?</note>

Id: liu-02
<note><blockquote>It all started in 1995 when Liu filmed the
Loess-plateau in China. He witnessed a local population who turned an
area of almost the same size as The Netherlands from a dry, exhausted
wasteland into one green oasis. This experience changed his life. From
that moment on, Liu has been travelling all over the world to convince
and inspire government leaders, policy-makers and farmers with his
film material and knowledge. Liu diligently spreads the message that
restoration of ecosystems is not only possible, but also economically
very meaningful.  Backlight accompanies Liu on his mission in Jordan
and shows on the basis of Liu’s own film material that a green future
is possible worldwide.{liu-02}</blockquote></note>

Id: lonsdale-01
<note>This one has some for the same techniques: <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WLHr1_EVtQ">5 techniques to
speak any language: Sid Efromovich at TEDxUpperEastSide</a></note>

Id: malidoma-01
<note>"I offer the wisdom of the African ancestors so that Westerners
might find the deep healing they seek." - View Malidoma's Calendar</p>
<p>Mind blowing: <a
href="http://archive.constantcontact.com/fs123/1101454195791/archive/1115357337165.html">Part
One of an interview with Malidoma, conducted by Leslee Goodman in
2010</a></p> <p><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpUm6N0diwI"
target="_blank">Malidoma SomÃ© Interview Part 1 of 6</a> - video</p>
<p><a
href="http://www.motherjones.com/politics/1995/03/visions-malidoma-some"
target="_blank">VISIONS: Malidoma Some</a> - Article, by D. Patrick
Miller, Mother Jones, March/April 1995 Issue</note>

Id: margonelli-01
<note>yes! look at the big picture</note>

Id: margulis-01
<note><blockquote>The idea that we are "stewards of the earth" is
another symptom of human arrogance. Imagine yourself with the task of
overseeing your body's physical processes. Do you understand the way
it works well enough to keep all its systems in operation? Can you
make your kidneys function? Can you control the removal of waste?  Are
you conscious of the blood flow through your arteries, or the fact
that you are losing a hundred thousand skin cells a minute?--Lynn
Margulis{margulis-02}</blockquote> </note>

Id: margulis-02
<note><blockquote>Life is a planetary-level phenomenon and Earth’s
surface as been alive for at least 3,000 million years. To me, the
human move to take responsibility for the living Earth is
laughable—the rhetoric of the powerless. The planet takes care of us,
not we of it. Our self-inflated moral imperative to guide a wayward
Earth or heal our sick planet is evidence of our immense capacity for
self-delusion. Rather, we need to protect us from
ourselves.{margulis-02:loc1571}</blockquote>
<blockquote>We people are just like our planetmates. We cannot put an
end to nature; we can only pose a threat to ourselves. The notion that
we can destroy all life, including bacteria thriving in the water
tanks of nuclear power plants or boiling hot vents, is ludicrous. I
hear our nonhuman brethren snickering: “Got along without you before I
met you, gonna get along without you now,” they sing about us in
harmony. Most of them, the microbes, the whales, the insects, the seed
plants, and the birds, are still singing. The tropical forest trees
are humming to themselves, waiting for us to finish our arrogant
logging so they can get back to their business of growth as usual. And
they will continue their cacophonies and harmonies long after we are
gone.{margulis-02:loc1776}</blockquote> </note>

Id: mcalevey-01
<note>See also [conover-02]</note>

Id: mcneil-01
<note>See also: [newcomb-01]</note>

Id: mediaite-01
<note><a
href="http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/21134540/vp/44079837#44079837"
target="_blank">Main source</a><br /></note>

Id: medium-02
<note>This is a great article, showing why we need to act sooner not
later: Coronavirus: Why You Must Act Now</note>

Id: medium-08
<note>by Angela Volkov. An open letter to humanity on getting its
collective act together. Funny.</note>

Id: medium-10
<note>by Lauren Martinchek. If our lawmakers won't look out for us,
it's time to take matters in to our own hands.</note>

Id: mendelssohn-01
# Old: youtube-095
<note>This is my own recording and edit of this talk.</p> <p><a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f47LGny-CiU"
target="_blank">Tamera - Benjamin von Mendelssohn - Part 2 of
2</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.amazon.com/Sacred-Matrix-Dieter-Duhm/dp/3927266167/ref=asap_bc?ie=UTF8"
target="_blank">"The Sacred Matrix: From the Matrix of Violence to the
Matrix of Life, The Foundation for a New Civilization"</a> - Book by
Dieter Duhm. This book gives a pretty complete overview of the group's
vision.</p> <p><a href="http://www.tamera.org/"
target="_blank">Tamera's main web site</a> - web site</p> <p><a
href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe8-23wgIRspP8paQif-6Vg"
target="_blank">Tamera's youtube channel - Grace Media</a> -
videos</note>

Id: metaballstudios-01
<note>Tiny ships all the way up to Ring World</p> <p>Other size
comparisions: <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQwFuQLnLocj5F7ZcmcuWYQ"
target="_blank">MetaBallStudios</a></note>

Id: metivier-01
<note>* Are these thoughts useful?</p> <p>* How do these thoughts
behave?</p> <p>The order doesn't matter.</note>

Id: meyers-01
<note>Violence as a dichotomy, with the only choices being Violence or
Non-violence, is not a very useful basis for political discussion,
unless you want to confuse people.</note>

Id: milgram-01
<note><p>
<p>C. P. Snow, in 1961, pointed to its importance when he wrote:</p>
<blockquote><p> When you think of the long and gloomy history of man,
you will find more hideous crimes have been committed in the name of
obedience than have ever been committed in the name of rebellion. If
you doubt that, read William Shirer's Rise and Fall of the Third
Reich. The German Officer Corps were brought up in the most rigorous
code of obedience ... in the name of obedience they were party to, and
assisted in, the most wicked large-scale actions in the history of the
world.  </blockquote>
<p>The Nazi extermination of European Jews is the most extreme
instance of abhorrent immoral acts carried out by thousands of people
in the name of obedience. Yet in lesser degree this type of thing is
constantly recurring: ordinary citizens are ordered to destroy other
people, and they do so because they consider it their duty to obey
orders. Thus, obedience to authority, long praised as a virtue, takes
on a new aspect when it serves a malevolent cause; far from appearing
as a virtue, it is transformed into a heinous sin.</p>
Link: https://www.jstor.org/stable/20297701<br>
AltLink: https://moria.whyayh.com/rel/archive/book/non-fiction/Milgram-DilemmaObedience-1974.pdf<br>
AltLink: https://moria.whyayh.com/rel/archive/book/non-fiction/Milgram-DilemmaObedience-1974.html<br>
AltLink: https://archive.ph/T9FDc<br>
Converted with: https://cloudconvert.com/pdf-to-html
</p>
</note>

Id: mindmup-01
<note>This is a simple mindmap tool. Storyboards, assign
"measurements", attach text boxes, publish and share, save pdf, save
to your dropbox. It could be adapted to create quick DFD diagrams,
because the levels can be collapsed, and the test attachments allow
for pseudo code descriptions.</note>

Id: mitchell-01
<note>Related:
https://www.nytimes.com/2023/01/26/opinion/the-left-purity-politics.html?showTranscript=1
The Left is Eating Itself</note>

Id: molyneux-02
# Old: youtube-051
<note>My problem with this libertarian view (From "The ecstasy of
influence", below at 2012-04-10): "The power of a gift economy remains
difficult for the empiricists of our market culture to understand. In
our times, the rhetoric of the market presumes that everything should
be and can be appropriately bought, sold, and owned--a tide of
alienation lapping daily at the dwindling redoubt of the
unalienable. In free-market theory, an intervention to halt
propertization is considered "paternalistic," because it inhibits the
free action of the citizen, now reposited as a "potential
entrepreneur." Of course, in the real world, we know that
child-rearing, family life, education, socialization, sexuality,
political life, and many other basic human activities require
insulation from market forces. In fact, paying for many of these
things can ruin them.</note>

Id: moonmagazine-01
<note>There are fewer than a dozen quiet places left in the United
States. Even in our wilderness areas and national parks, the average
noise-free interval has shrunk to less than five minutes during
daylight hours."</p> <p>"Silence is not the absence of something, but
the presence of everything."</p> <p>Related: <a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/bernie_krause_the_voice_of_the_natural_world.html"
target="_blank">Bernie Krause: The voice of the natural world</a> -
video</note>

Id: moore-01
<note>https://www.thesolarnerd.com/blog/planet-of-the-humans-debunked/</p>
<p>This is a typical enviro-angst show. Doom and glum with no
reasonable solutions or a root cause. They only gave a glimpse of a
root cause at 49:34 (https://youtu.be/Zk11vI-7czE?t=2974) our
culture's denial of death.</p> <p>It's easier to fool the masses than
to convince them that they are being fooled. -Mark Twain</p> <p>So
rather than focusing on the problem, how about solutions? For some
examples, check out Charles Eisenstein at <a
href="https://charleseisenstein.org/">https://charleseisenstein.org/
"...the issue is not whether our current civilization is
sustainable. Do we even want to sustain it? Can't we do better than
this?"</a></p> <p><a href="https://charleseisenstein.org/">Or dig even
deeper with: Tamera at</a> <a
href="https://www.tamera.org/">https://www.tamera.org/</a> We need to
stop this "war" on the "other"; we are part of nature, and need to see
how to be a lot more cooperative.</note>

Id: moore-08
<note>Extra chapter added to Sicko. Comment: @TwinTn: Just to clear
something up: Bastøy is not a normal prison sentence, it is a
rehabilitation program at the end of a long sentence. Murderers and
rapists are not normally sent directly to bastøy. They may serve
several years in a closed prison, and if they behave and pose little
threat, they may finish their sentence at Bastøy. The maximum prison
sentence in Norway is indeed 21 years, but if an inmate poses a
serious threat to society, he can be held indefinitely (eg. life). To
summarize: The Norwegian prison system does not release inmates
according to when society is ready to take them back, but when the
inmates are ready to be a part of society again.</note>

Id: morieux-02
# Old: youtube-008
<note><a
href="http://moria.whyayh.com/rel/archive/video/ThirdParty/culture/yves_morieux_as_work_gets_more_complex_6_rules_to_simplify.webm">local
archive</a></p> <p>Really excellent points. I think most of this can
be used as a starting point by any New Culture type companies. It is
better than the Democratic Corporation concept that I've read.</p>
<p>Complexity makes jobs very stressful and unproductive for
everyone.</p>Simple rules for Smart Simplicity <ol> <li> <p>Understand
what your people do (what is their real work?)</p> </li> <li>
<p>Reinforce integrators (give middle mgrs the power to make others
cooperate, remove layers, less rules, more discretionary power to the
mgrs)</p> </li> <li> <p>Increase the total quantity of power (empower
everybody, enough power so they can take risks and cooperate more,
because they have more control)</p> </li> <li> <p>Extend the shadow of
the future (create feedback loops to show consequences to actions, for
example have design engineers follow their product through the
lifecycle)</p> </li> <li> <p>Increase reciprocity (remove buffers that
make us self-sufficient, so that we will have to cooperate)</p> </li>
<li> <p>Reward those who cooperate (blame is not for failure, blame is
for failing to help, or failing to ask for help)</p> </li> </ol>
<p>The real battle is not against our competitors, it is against our
own bureaucracies.</note>

Id: newcomb-01
<note>See also [mcneil-01]</note>

Id: norris-01
<note>Focused sound.</note>

Id: npr-01
<note>Wow the lack of U.S. government inaction for Covid-19 is
criminal!</p> <p>Author Max Brooks became an expert on disaster
preparedness - from pandemics to nuclear war - through researching for
his books, "World War Z," "Germ Warfare" and the forthcoming
"Devolution." He spoke with Terry Gross about how the federal
government is designed to respond to crises like COVID-19 - and what
is preventing the tasks forces from being deployed. He will also
explain why "panic is not preparation," and how to have good
"fact-hygiene."</p> <p><a
href="https://www.npr.org/2020/03/24/820601571/all-of-this-panic-could-have-been-prevented-author-max-brooks-on-covid-19">Transcript</a></p>
<p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S2v3DMnb10"
target="_blank">Go home! - Mel Brooks and son Max share a comedic PSA
on the coronavirus.</a></p> <p><a
href="https://www.amazon.com/World-War-Unrated-Brad-Pitt/dp/B00EMJBVAI/ref=sr_1_2?crid=36TQB36J9F9YX&amp;dchild=1&amp;keywords=world+war+z&amp;qid=1585107543&amp;sprefix=%2Cinstant-video%2C224&amp;sr=8-2"
target="_blank">World War Z (Unrated) 2h 3m</a></p> <p><a
href="https://www.amazon.com/World-War-Z-Brad-Pitt/dp/B00EL8I8IS/ref=sr_1_3?crid=36TQB36J9F9YX&amp;dchild=1&amp;keywords=world+war+z&amp;qid=1585107543&amp;sprefix=%2Cinstant-video%2C224&amp;sr=8-3"
target="_blank">World War Z 1h 56m</a></note>

Id: nytimes-01
<note>A quote from him:<br /> "I've been buying and selling things for
10 years now. There's been hot product after hot product. But the
thing is, there's always another one on the shelf," he said. "When we
did this trip, I had no idea that these stores wouldn't be able to get
replenished."</p> <p>I think this is a very good summary of his
misjudgment: <a
href='https://tech.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=15977978&amp;cid=59836310'>Comment</a>
on this post: <a
href="https://tech.slashdot.org/story/20/03/16/1226251/he-has-17700-bottles-of-hand-sanitizer-and-nowhere-to-sell-them">he
has 17700 bottles of hand sanitizer and nowhere to sell
them</a></note>

Id: nytimes-02
<note><a
href="http://www.dilisosfinefoods.com/stake-prune-your-beefsteaks/"
target="_blank">Stake &amp; prune your beefsteaks</a></note>

Id: nytimes-03
<note>TUSCALOOSA, Ala. - Several college students in an Alabama city
organized "COVID-19" parties as a contest to see who would get the
virus first, officials said.</note>

Id: o-duinn-01
# Old: youtube-012
<note><pre> Release Engineers != Developers developers build
"products" release engineers build "pipelines" operation engineers
keep it going Single Track The release schedule is as predictable as
your riskiest project Project branches Completed projects ship on
schedule Late/risky projects slip to next release To support project
branches: use the exact same servers and processes to build any
branch. </pre></note>

Id: o-keefe-01
<note>It improves the survival of the community.</note>

Id: oliver-01
<note>Another good rant</note>

Id: oliver-02
# Old: youtube-151
Id: youtube-151
<note>John Oliver discusses how the histories of policing and white
supremacy are intertwined, the roadblocks to fixing things, and some
potential paths forward.</p> <p>Great rant! He ends with viral video
by Kimberly Jones.</p> <p>Here Trevor Noah interviews Kimberly Jones
on June 19: <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1k9APedIUY">Kimberly Jones -
Speaking Out About Black Experiences in America | The Daily Social
Distancing Show</a></note>

Id: olson-01
<note><b>Gerrymandering solution.</b></p> <p>Here's a link to Brian's
site that shows how federal and state districts are drawn with his
algorithm. Don't like his algorithm? His suggestion is that any group
tasked with redistricting needs to use algorithms that are reviewable
by the public so that "special" biases can be identified. Have maybe 5
different algorithms define 5 district maps, then have the state or
federal legislators vote on the ones that will be used for the next 10
years, i.e. until the next census. <a
href="https://bdistricting.com/2010/" target="_blank">Impartial
Automatic Redistricting</a></p> <p>Another good rant by John Oliver
(Apr 9, 2017): <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-4dIImaodQ">Gerrymandering:
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)</a></p> <p>Here's another
talk on algorithmic solutions: <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mv9kscNo5Gc"
target="_blank">Data Science Can Solve Gerrymandering | Frank Evans |
TEDxUCO</a></note>

Id: olson-02
<note>Gerrymandering solution: use algorithms. See also: olson-01, evans-02, oliver-01, brin-02</note>

Id: onezero-medium-02
<note>by Colin Horgan. Why shutting down Twitter accounts or limiting
Facebook groups won't solve our problem.</p> <p>My comments: Could a
"voting" system such as stackoverflow.com help? Also signed text with
authenticated key will probably be needed.</note>

Id: opednews-01
<note>Like others, Food Not Bombs (FNB) volunteers have been bogusly
called terrorists. Some have been arrested, tried, convicted and
imprisoned. Internal government documents suggest high-level concern
that they're turning Americans away from militarism, instead
advocating social justice, including quality education, universal
health care, and good living wage/essential benefits jobs - the direct
opposite of current US policy under either dominant party, each like
the other, only pretending to be different.</p> <p>As a result, FNB
urges volunteers to stay focused, wary that infiltrators spread fear
and disrupt constitutionally protected activities. Especially
post-9/11, <i>advocating peace and social justice are now crimes,</i>
engaged activists potentially facing charges of domestic terrorism and
long imprisonment for supporting right over wrong. The reality of
today's America is much different than its pretense, making it unsafe
for anti-war, social justice advocates like FNB volunteers.</note>

Id: openai-chat-01
<note>For the version see
https://help.openai.com/en/articles/6825453-chatgpt-release-notes</note>

Id: openai-jukebox-01
<note>OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company. Our mission is
to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of
humanity.</note>

Id: ostrom-01
<note>
- <blockquote>
- Question: Is there an alternative to top-down government or free
  market solutions?
- Elinor Ostrom: Yeah. This is the, this concept of polycentricity of
  enabling both market and governments at multiple scales to interact
  with community organization so that we have a complex nested
  system. and it ain't pretty in the sense that it's nice and neat and
  many people have tried to get rid of creative solutions that are
  complex, but society is complex, people are complex. And for us to
  have simple solutions to complex problems, not a good idea.
  {ostrom-01:63s}
</blockquote>
</note>

Id: parks-02
<note>King wrote in his 1958 book Stride Toward Freedom that Parks's
arrest was the catalyst rather than the cause of the protest: "The
cause lay deep in the record of similar injustices."[55]: 437  He
wrote, "Actually, no one can understand the action of Mrs. Parks
unless he realizes that eventually the cup of endurance runs over, and
the human personality cries out, 'I can take it no longer.'"</note>

Id: pbs-02
<note>Paleontologist Kirk Johnson explores the dynamic history-and
future-of ice at the poles.</p> <p>I grep'ed through the full
transcript. There is no mention of the Gaia Theory. The climate
descriptions are all a result of inorganic
processes. Disappointing. However the photography is stunning."</note>

Id: perel-02
<note>In long-term relationships, we often expect our beloved to be
both best friend and erotic partner.</p> <p>So we come to one person,
and we basically are asking them to give us what once an entire
village used to provide. Give me belonging, give me identity, give me
continuity, but give me transcendence and mystery and awe all in
one. Give me comfort, give me edge. Give me novelty, give me
familiarity. Give me predictability, give me surprise. And we think
it's a given, and toys and lingerie are going to save us with
that.</p> <p>So if there is a verb, for me, that comes with love, it's
"to have." And if there is a verb that comes with desire, it is "to
want." In love, we want to have, we want to know the beloved. We want
to minimize the distance. We want to contract that gap. We want to
neutralize the tensions. We want closeness. But in desire, we tend to
not really want to go back to the places we've already gone. Forgone
conclusion does not keep our interest. In desire, we want an Other,
somebody on the other side that we can go visit, that we can go spend
some time with, that we can go see what goes on in their red-light
district. You know? In desire, we want a bridge to cross. Or in other
words, I sometimes say, fire needs air. Desire needs space. And when
it's said like that, it's often quite abstract.</p> <p>Book: <a
href="https://www.amazon.com/Mating-Captivity-Unlocking-Erotic-Intelligence-ebook/dp/B000UODXP0/"
target="_blank">Mating in Captivity: Unlocking Erotic Intelligence, by
Esther Perel</a></note>

Id: perform-01
<note>Beautiful</note>

Id: piccard-01
<note>Balloonist view of life. Pushed through life by consistent
winds. Change your altitude, drop ballast or let out air, to find new
winds, new paths.</note>

Id: pink-01
<note>Dan Pink examines the puzzle of motivation, starting with a fact
that social scientists know but most managers don't: Traditional
rewards aren't always as effective as we think. "Carrot/stick"
rewards/punishments work for mechanical tasks, but fail completely for
mental cognitive tasks. Yet businesses ignore this, tested
fact.</note>

Id: pinker-01
<note>Fascinating.</p> <p><a
href="http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_chalks_it_up_to_the_blank_slate.html"
target="_blank">TED: Steven Pinker: Chalks It Up To The Blank
Slate</a></note>

Id: piper-01
<note>by Grant Piper</p> <p>A mysterious apocalypse brought down
nearly all of human civilization three thousand years ago</note>

Id: popova-01
<note>See also: Erewhon, or, Over the Range, by Samuel Butler</note>

Id: posada-01
<note>Delayed Gratification</note>

Id: potter-01
# Old: youtube-113
<note>More: <a href="WillPotter.com/CMU">WillPotter.com/CMU</a> -
notes</p> <p>The solution is transparency.</note>

Id: rafnel-01
<note>This was taken around noon Wed 2020-09-09 at Redwood City,
CA.</p> <p>The air quality was "Moderate" (64) because the smoke is
luckily trapped above an inversion layer. The temperature is only 66F
because the sun is blocked so much. It was 105F on Monday.</note>

Id: rafnel-03
<note> <p>What is the PGP Web of Trust Strongset?<br>
https://crypto.stackexchange.com/questions/80629/what-is-the-pgp-web-of-trust-strongset<br>
https://archive.ph/CsQje</p> <p>The web of trust is no longer
active. It was removed in GPG version 2.2.17.<br> June 2016 the
keyserver network was attacked in a way that fundamentally broke the
whole thing. See: "SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack"<br>
https://gist.github.com/rjhansen/67ab921ffb4084c865b3618d6955275f</p>
</note>

Id: rankin-01
<note><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcai0i2tJt0">Dr. Lissa
Rankin: Mind Over Medicine: Scientific Proof You Can Heal Yourself,
Talks at Google</a> - A longer talk given at Google. - 54min</p>
<p>Book: <a
href="http://www.amazon.com/Mind-Over-Medicine-Scientific-Yourself/dp/1401939988/ref=tmm_hrd_title_0">Mind
Over Medicine, by Lissa Rankin</a></p> <p>Site: <a
href="HealHealthCareNow.com">HealHealthCareNow.com</a></p> <p>Site: <a
href="OwningPink.com">OwningPink.com</a></p> <pre> * Placebo happens
when the body is relaxed. * The body can't heal itself on stress
hormones. * The amygdala can't read. * No one knows your body better
than you. * Meditation is controlling the looping nature of thought. *
Relax! </pre></note>

Id: reculture-01
<note><pre>A 5 day summit, 8am to 3pm each day.
Private access: https://moria.whyayh.com/rel/archive/video/ThirdParty/a-cry-from-the-future/
Related: see reculture-02
Cite example: Summit: A Cry From the Future, Speaker: Jamie Wheal{reculture-01}
</pre></note>

Id: reculture-02
<note><pre>Community
Classrooms.
    Welcome to Re/Culture Education
    The Forbidden Fruit: Eros / Love / Community
    A Cry From the Future - Full Replay
    Learnings from Tamera: Community and Culture
    Re/Culture LIVE
        The Opening with Jon Marro
</pre></note>

Id: ridley-01
<note>"Trade" and idea transfer is the substrate for
patterns...</note>

Id: roach-01
<note>cute, but it's only a start</note>

Id: roberts-01
<note>Found because of comment by [hawks-01] on video
[chapman-02]</note>

Id: robertson-01
# Old: youtube-026
<note>All good:</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14msmjowzrc"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson "Don't Get Frisky in a tent!" ("Don't
sleep in a tent with Left Brain!")</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YFRUSTiFUs"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson "Don't send a man to the grocery
store!"</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moSKtnuRnsM"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson "Flight attendant deals with a bad
potato"</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE82Gt93UYc"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson "Mothers vs Teenage
Daughters"</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeUdZ2VkG30"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson "Don't go rafting without a Baptist
in the boat!"</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uURhPZgjHfw"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson at the Grand Ole Opry</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jICYirpMgX4"
target="_blank">Jeanne Robertson "The Golfer's Christening"</a></note>

Id: rodgers-01
<note>by Travis Rodgers</p> <p>Answer: Time (duh)</note>

Id: ronson-01
# Old: youtube-112
<note>Sad.</note>

Id: rosen-01
<note>US incarceration rate from 1925 to 1975 was quite "stable", 100
per 100,000. After 1975 it rapidly climbs to 700 per 100,000 (over the
last 40 years). The U.S. is 7 to 10 times higher than in European
countries.</p> <p>Crime moves in sync with, better policing, better
social conditions, not incarceration.</p> <p>He highlights German
prisons. What a sane system!</p> <p><b>Article 1 of the German
Constitution: "Human dignity shall be inviolable. To respect and
protect it shall be the duty of all state authority."</b></p> <p>He
went to Germany to "learn". How does a society go from such inhumanity
to being humane?</p> <p>Quote from Fyodor Dostoevsky: "The degree of
civilization in a society can be judged by entering its
prisons."</note>

Id: rowe-01
<note>Excellent.<br /> <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRVdiHu1VCc">Alternate link -
YouTube</a></note>

Id: russell-01
# Old: youtube-025
<note>Image is powerful</p> <p>Image is superficial</note>

Id: salon-01
<note>Donald Trump's approval rating has not move below 40 to 42%.</p>
<p>...the past few years have shown us is that the already difficult
task of admitting you are wrong is even harder for conservatives,
because it will also require recognizing the unthinkable possibility
that liberals were right.</note>

Id: sandel-01
<note><a href="http://justiceharvard.org/" target="_blank">The full
series</a></note>

Id: savory-01
# Old: youtube-111
<note>Compact animal herds are the key, with rotation.</note>

Id: science-slashdot-01
<note>Good, but probably too late</note>

Id: scott-02
<note>by Tom Scott</note>

Id: seely-01
<note>I'll bet this is still possible. Wow!</note>

Id: semler-01
<note>This is really important! A 30 year success story--this is not
just a vision of what could be: it is a reality. Democratic companies:
take vacation when you want, set your own salary, interviewed and
hired by peers, leaders evaluated by subordinates every 6 months,
etc. Education that is inline with what John Gatto talks about: no
grades, no age grouping, flexible hours, no breaking up the day with
multiple subjects, etc.</note>

Id: shafak-01
<note>Very wise. Rather than "write what you know", "write what you
feel".</note>

Id: shane-01
# Old: youtube-080
<note>Dangerous because it is stupid.</note>

Id: sheldrake-01
<note>Videos "banned" from TED</note>

Id: sheldrake-02
<note><a
href="http://blog.ted.com/2013/03/19/the-debate-about-rupert-sheldrakes-talk/"
target="_blank">Banned TED talk: Dr. Rupert Sheldrake</a> -
blog.ted.com, video</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAuxXvNVhgA"
target="_blank">02/04/2013 - Dr. Rupert Sheldrake talks about his
banned TED talk on Skeptiko with Alex Tsakiris</a> - audio</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnA8GUtXpXY" target="_blank">The
Extended Mind: Recent Experimental Evidence</a> - video</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0waMBY3qEA4"
target="_blank">Rupert Sheldrake at EU 2013 - "Science Set Free" (Part
1)</a> - video</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRKvvxku5So"
target="_blank">Rupert Sheldrake at EU 2013 - "Science Set Free" (Part
2)</a> - video</p> <p><a
href="http://www.amazon.com/Science-Set-Free-Discovery-ebook/dp/B0076PGG6Y/ref=tmm_kin_title_0?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1375421310&amp;sr=8-1"
target="_blank">Science Set Free: 10 Paths to New Discovery</a> -
Book</p> <p><a
href="http://www.amazon.com/Morphic-Resonance-Formative-Causation-ebook/dp/B003ZHVB6C/ref=tmm_kin_title_0?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1375421310&amp;sr=8-2"
target="_blank">Morphic Resonance: The Nature of Formative
Causation</a> - Book</note>

Id: shellenberger-01
<note>He describes some very real problems with wind and solar. So, go
nuclear. Well, there are safer and cleaner nuclear designs. But of
course he doesn't address those. The issue of long-term storage of
spent fuel was not addressed. The issue of meltdowns, with "active"
fail-safes, in the current designs were not addressed. ("Passive"
fail-safe designs are way more reliable.)</p> <p>Also, in his
descriptions of the problems with "renewable", he only talked about
"centralize" renewables, i.e. large scale projects; he quickly brushed
aside decentralized options as being more expensive. He also
characterized lots of smaller renewable plants as being more
fragile. Huh?! He truly does not understand <i>redundancy</i> in
providing fault-tolerant systems.</p> <p>Others pointed out, he didn't
really address other storage options that are being developed. For
example, liquid air.</note>

Id: sherwood-01
<note><p>See also cassella-01 and huber-01.</p></note>

Id: shirky-01
<note>Book: Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without
Organizations, by Clay Shirky.</p> <p>Interview by Rob Kall, Bottom Up
Radio Show Podcast</note>

Id: silverman-01
<note></p> <p>Another video banned by TED. Wow, really shocking, but
strangely honest.</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eWgXfR3Uw"
target="_blank">BANNED TEDx TALKS: Real Truth, Science, Consciousness,
etc.</a></note>

Id: smith-03
<note>by Thomas Smith. And what it says about the problems with
trusting your smartphone camera.</p> <p><a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnyFxZlWjrY"
target="_blank">Redwood City, CA - video</a></note>

Id: smith-06
<note>Good points. His used of Institution is equivalent to the
Powers.  How much a power limits an individual is certainly a valid
point, and it would be part of evaluating the Institution for "evil."
</note>

Id: srslywrong-01
<note>See also [graeber-11]</note>

Id: steffen-01
<note>Example: more density will reduce energy needs more than just
changing to renewable energies. What we really want is "access" to
what we want. Share more.</note>

Id: stone-04
<note>"As Elinor Ostrom proved, the tragedy of the commons isn't that
a commons is always exploited, but quite the opposite: an open-access
resource will be exploited unless it is managed as a commons. We see
the same misunderstanding of the climate commons. The climate is
clearly a global common good, a foundational good critical to our
survival. However, the climate has become a crisis because it is
treated as the ultimate global open-access resource: why will the UK
reduce our emissions if China won't."</note>

Id: struggleforfreedom-blogg-no-01
<note><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=Vu8J_UKKa-c"
target="_blank">Direct Democracy</a> - video. This is a very good
summary of a more humane society</p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUig0lFHDDw"
target="_blank">Anarchists in the 1936 Spanish Civil War</a> - The
Catalonia experiment - video</p> <p>Source: <a
href="http://occupywallst.org/article/watch-live-ows-new-years-eve-festivities/#comments">OWS
New Year's Eve Festivities - comments</a> - see user:
struggleforfreedom80 (saved)</note>

Id: suzuki-01
<note><a
href="http://moria.whyayh.com/rel/archive/video/ThirdParty/culture/david_suzuki_an_elders_vision_for_our_sustainable_future.mp4">local
archive</a></p> <p>See also: <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwxedZG21ZE">Dr. David Suzuki -
Message to The World_from Occupy Vancouver</a> - 25min</note>

Id: suzuki-02
<note><pre> <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHMNGjTgruk">part1</a> <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbaVmQqjV0Q">part2</a> <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFkx_YZiJss">part3</a> part4 -
missing <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQfjEJaLGRI">part5</a>
<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fi9sodp15F8">part6</a> <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcLzaIFapS4">part7</a> part8 -
missing </pre> <p>Another source: <a
href="https://www.sustainable.soltechdesigns.com/a-planet-for-the-taking.html">https://www.sustainable.soltechdesigns.com/a-planet-for-the-taking.html"</a></note>

Id: tamera-01
<note><pre> <a href="http://www.tamera.org/index.php?id=1&amp;L=0">
Home page</a> Books: * The Sacred Matrix * Setting Foundations for a
New Civilization * Tamera: A Model for the Future </pre></note>

Id: tamera-02
<note>For a New Generation on Planet Earth</note>

Id: tamera-03
<note>Tamera's Home page</note>

Id: tcm-01
<note>We're building a movement of people across the United States to
reclaim our future by initiating an emergency-speed, whole-society
Climate Mobilization, reversing global warming and restoring a safe
climate.</note>

Id: technologyreview-01
<note>The second potential danger is more troubling: in a world where
the past haunts the present, young people may calcify their
identities, perspectives, and political positions at an increasingly
young age.</p> <p>In 2017, Harvard University rescinded admission
offers to 10 students after discovering that they had shared offensive
memes in a private Facebook chat. In 2019, the university withdrew
another offer-to Kyle Kashuv, an outspoken conservative survivor of
the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland,
Florida. In Kashuv's case, it wasn't a social-media post that caused
the trouble, and it wasn't an adult who exposed him. Back in 10th
grade, Kashuv had repeatedly used the N-word in a shared Google
document created for a class assignment. When Harvard accepted him,
his peers recovered the document and shared it with the media.</p>
<p>There are reasons to applaud Harvard for refusing to take these
students. Such decisions offer hope that future generations will be
held accountable for racist, sexist, and homophobic behavior. This is
a step in the right direction. But there is a flip side.</p> <p>When
Kashuv discovered he had lost his place at Harvard, he did what any
digital native would do-he shared his reaction online. On Twitter, he
wrote, "Throughout its history, Harvard's faculty has included slave
owners, segregationists, bigots and antisemites. If Harvard is
suggesting that growth isn't possible and that our past defines our
future, then Harvard is an inherently racist institution."</note>

Id: ted-04
<note>Personalization - leads a "filter bubble" which can isolate you
from the world, and you do not get to choose the filter.</note>

Id: ted-08
<note>Great points! <ul> <li>"The next time you're looking at a
charity, don't ask about the rate of their overhead. Ask about the
scale of their dreams."</li> <li>"When you prohibit failure, you kill
innovation. If you kill innovation in fundraising, you can't raise
more revenue. If you can't raise more revenue, you can't grow. And if
you can't grow, you can't possibly solve large social problems."</li>
<li>"We have a visceral reaction to the idea that anyone would make
very much money helping other people. Interesting that we don't have a
visceral reaction to the notion that people would make a lot of money
NOT helping other people."</li> </ul></note>

Id: ted-09
<note>Wow, this is powerful! This took them years. Again, *time* is
needed for humane solutions.</p> <p>The Q&amp;A section is worth
reading too. (link at bottom of page)</note>

Id: text-mindmap-01
<note>This is even simpler than MindUp. Just enter a text outline and
it draws a very nice flowing drawing. This is good for really quick
mindmaps.</note>

Id: thunderbolts-06
<note>An alternative to the Big Bang. Creation "stories"
matter.</note>

Id: timefortribe-01
<note>Community and the Unquantifiable</note>

Id: trom-01
<note>
<p>Home: 2021-10-19: https://archive.ph/3NxNL</p>
</note>

Id: trom-02
<note><p>2023: Duration: 37 parts, 14 hours</p>
<p>The TROM documentary is trying to present, in a simplistic way, the
world in which we, human beings, live. We try to present the world
that was discovered so far through the lenses of science: from the
evolution of everything (including us) to the monetary system (the
game we currently play), to a different kind of world that we could
build for the benefit of us all, then back to Earth.</p>
<p>We are trying to present alternative solutions to current problems
and take into account the future, which promises to be more than
interesting. An informative documentary, perhaps shocking and
disturbing to many, depending on how you digest the information. The
documentary is divided into chapters and sub-chapters due to the
documentary’s excessive length (14 hours) and all the parts are
connected so we recommend that you see them in order.</p> </note>

Id: trom-03
<note><p>2023: Duration: 4 parts, 5 hours</p>
<p>We live in a world where everyone is busy, everyone is
consumed, everyone seems confused. Money, social credits, ads, data
collection, prices and billionaires. Climate change? Who cares!</p>
<p>A one-marble world, floating in a giant soup of stars and planets,
clustered in donut-shaped galaxies.</p>
<p>What are these humans living for?</p>
<p>In a 5 hour, 4 parts documentary, we try to explore their world, to
understand what makes them human, what makes them enslave their kind,
destroy their habitat, and be unaware of their place in this
universe. But also what makes them so special.</p>
<p>Through the lives of 5 humans, we look at the culture that creates
them, their struggles growing up on this planet, and where they are
headed toward.</p></note>

Id: truththeory-01
<note>The first light bulbs had a life of 2,500 hours, the consortium
of manufacturers fined members who did went over the mandated 1,000
ours for household bulbs. Inventors have created bulb with lives of
over 100,000 hours. Inkjet printers stop working when they reach a
limit on their cleaning cycle, because the absorbing sponge could not
take any more. Buy a new printer is the only option. The first nylon
stockings were very robust, but they had to be redesign to be more
fragile. Designers are taught how to understand and meet the business
goals of a product's "life cycle". <p>Personally I see it all the time
in software creation. Making and using robust software libraries and
languages is not supported--the assertion is that defect free software
is impossible. Well too expensive, for the expected life of the
software product, is the real reason when engineer's press the
issue. Defective software is good, because you can sell fixes, if new
features can't be convincing enough.</p> <p>A bit at the end: getting
off the "growth cycle". There can be jobs in repair and in closing the
loop to eliminate waste.</note>

Id: truththeory-02
<note>Fiat money, Tally Stick, Gold backed $, debt money from banks vs
gov. issued money. History of money in the world and the US. <p>The
video has been removed, but you can still buy the DVD (or google for
other sources, it is 101 min long). It is really worth it! <a
href="http://www.secretofoz.com/" target="_blank">Buy it here.</a>
($19.95 for 1, $60 for 5)</p> <p><a
href="http://www.webcitation.org/5zvtfLx4Q">Populist Party Platform
(1892)</a></note>

Id: tufekci-01
<note>by Zeynep Tufekci in The Atlantic</p> <p>It is not average
transmition rate. It's the clusters.</note>

Id: tulley-01
<note>Book: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/dp/0451234197/</note>

Id: tulley-02
<note>You can change people's brains.</p> <p>Look at the brain, don't
just treat symptoms.</note>

Id: tulley-03
<note>Repair damage.</note>

Id: turbotaxsucksass-01
<note>TurboTax and other tax prepares hide their free sites.</p> <p>If
you have Netflix, see Patriot Act: Volume 6, Why Doing Taxes Is So
Hard</note>

Id: u-of-arkansas-01
<note>The idea of harvesting energy from graphene is controversial
because it refutes physicist Richard Feynman's well-known assertion
that the thermal motion of atoms, known as Brownian motion, cannot do
work.</p> <p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiLTEjm8zLw"
target="_blank">Graphene Animation</a></p> <p>According to Kumar, the
graphene and circuit share a symbiotic relationship. Though the
thermal environment is performing work on the load resistor, the
graphene and circuit are at the same temperature and heat does not
flow between the two.</p> <p>"This means that the second law of
thermodynamics is not violated, nor is there any need to argue that
'Maxwell's Demon' is separating hot and cold electrons," Thibado
said.</note>

Id: uctv-01
<note>First Aired: 3/14/2011, 58 minutes</p> <p>Bill Moyers examines
the deteriorating and increasingly corrupt state of affairs that our
government has devolved into and the accompanying divisiveness
sweeping the country. Is there hope for things to improve? For the
first time in his life, Moyers isn't optimistic.</p> <p><a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Schopenhauer"
target="_blank">Arthur Schopenhauer</a> - philosopher</p>
<p>Recommended books:</p> <pre> * A Paradise Built in Hell, by Rebecca
Solnit - study of people in disasters * Spirit Level, by Richard
G. Wilkinson * Kabuki Democracy: The System vs. Barack Obama, by Eric
Alterman * Winner Take All Politics: How Washington Made the Rich
Richer--and Turned Its Back on the Middle Class, by Paul Pierson * The
Atlantic, Article: "The rise of the new global elite", by Chrystia
Freeland </pre></note>

Id: vansintjan-01
<note>...her research on policing shouldn't be forgotten: It shows
that, when it comes to safer communities, having more funding or
larger services is not important. What's important is the connections
and trust between the community and the service provider.</note>

Id: varoufakis-02
<note>Cloud companies are ending Capatilism.  Capatilism is being
replaced with Technofeudalism. Rich people and companies will buy up
things, IP, and distribution platforms. Then things can be "rented" but
never owned.</note>

Id: veritasium-01
<note>Luck plays the biggest part.</note>

Id: veritasium-02
<note>Longer life:</p> <p>To counter this decline, we can activate the
body's own defenses against aging by stressing the body. Eat less, eat
less protein, engage in intense exercise, experience uncomfortable
cold [or hot]. When the body senses existential threats it triggers
longevity genes, which attempt to maintain the body to ensure its
survival until good times return.</p> <p>Scientists are uncovering
ways to mimic stresses on the body without the discomfort of
fasting. Molecules like NMN also trigger sirtuins to monitor and
repair the epigenome. This may slow aging.</note>

Id: veritasium-03
<note>by Veritasium</p> <p>Watch Time (currently an average of 10 min
is best)</p> <p>Title and Thumbnail are key - it affects CTR, click
threw rate</note>

Id: video-google-03
<note>This is a continuation of the 1950's Utopian view, that
technology will lead us all to greater leisure, higher lifestyle, and
the best use of resources (50 years later, that sure didn't
happen). The fundamental problem: how to make sure everyone only uses
their fair share. <p>The elite's wet dream.</note>

Id: video-kpbs-01
<note><a
href="http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Ken-Kramers-About-San-Diego.html%20target=">www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Ken-Kramers-About-San-Diego</a><br
/></note>

Id: vimeo-01
<note><a href="http://www.livingeconomies.org/" target="_blank">BALLE
- Business Alliance for Local Living Economies</a></note>

Id: watts-01
# Old: youtube-054
<note><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=alan+watts+nothing&amp;aq=f">Alan
Watts on YouTube</a> <ol> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY50vvMjX_o"
target="_blank">Career Advice from Alan Watts</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X1OmSf4bf8" target="_blank">Alan
Watts on schooling</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mUaZxLpdOQ" target="_blank">Alan
Watts - We are all basically nothing</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxQayQH1IRw" target="_blank">Are
you really what you imagine yourself to be? Alan Watts</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxJCDXrEKpw" target="_blank">Alan
Watts - Seeing Beyond The Game</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7blUYJm6i-c" target="_blank">Alan
Watts: The Way of Waking Up</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-mkia0RE6A" target="_blank">The
illusion of the Ego - ALAN WATTS</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHxUHS-3whw" target="_blank">Alan
Watts On Who Are You</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY28PJZY5eo&amp;feature=list_related&amp;playnext=1&amp;list=AVGxdCwVVULXfPLzHd6rMa7ISrFJHIj7ZO"
target="_blank">YouTube Mix for Alan Watts</a> - by
elliotwitheart</li> </ol> <p>Alan Watt - (not Watts!)</p> <ul> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMAqtjV1OdU" target="_blank">Alan
Watt - The modern slave</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFjGj77wG-4%20target=">Alan Watt
The Truth About Sports</a></li> </ul></note>

Id: weiner-davis-01
<note>Good tips</note>

Id: wheaton-01
# Old: mcmichael-01
<note><p>See: ver/local/project/book-humane/data/ic-podcast-paul-wheaton.txt</p>
<p>"Make it hard to join the community and easy to leave the
community."--Diana Leafe Christian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_Leafe_Christian</p></note>

Id: wikipedia-46
<note>As of October 2011, over 350 million users accessed Facebook
through their mobile phones</note>

Id: wikipedia-47
<note>See the section: Nonviolent resistance interpretation</note>

Id: wink-03
<note>All of us deal with the Powers That Be. They staff our
hospitals, run City Hall, sit around tables in corporate boardrooms,
collect our taxes, and head our families. But the Powers That Be are
more than just the people who run things.</note>

Id: wolff-01
<note><p>MC is composed of many co-operative enterprises grouped into
four areas: industry, finance, retail and knowledge. In each
enterprise, the co-op members (averaging 80-85% of all workers per
enterprise) collectively own and direct the enterprise. Through an
annual general assembly the workers choose and employ a managing
director and retain the power to make all the basic decisions of the
enterprise (what, how and where to produce and what to do with the
profits).</p>
<p>As each enterprise is a constituent of the MC as a whole, its
members must confer and decide with all other enterprise members what
general rules will govern MC and all its constituent enterprises. In
short, MC worker-members collectively choose, hire and fire the
directors, whereas in capitalist enterprises the reverse
occurs.</p></note>

Id: worklife-01
<note>Yes! Positive eco. change with benefits, rather than the usual:
look at all problems and extra costs.</note>

Id: worklife-02
<note><ol> <li>many jobs are incompatible with family life</li>
<li>Gov. and Corp. will not solve this problem. You should never put
your life in the hands of a Corp.</li> <li>Be careful with the time
frame for the desired balance. Not too short and not too long.</li>
<li>Approach balance in a balanced way. physical, intellectual,
emotional, spiritual, etc.</li> </ol>The small things matter.</note>

Id: wright-01
<note>The DOJ is moving quietly. Building a case. Have faith in
Merrick Garland.  These things take time." What a bunch of B.S. Trump
will not be indicted.</note>

Id: yesmagazine-03
<note>Positive stories about ecology and culture change.</note>

Id: yesmagazine-04
<note>Featured on Yes Magazine</note>

Id: youtu-be-01
<note>I went to Safeway this morning to buy some things. A reporter
interviewed me (live) when I came out.</note>

Id: youtu-be-02
<note>This is so cute.</note>

Id: youtube-004
<note>"Problems" are not allowed in corporations. It's a great form of
social control.</note>

Id: youtube-007
<note>In the comments, the best alternative word, that others came up
with was: activism</note>

Id: youtube-017
<note>The day democracy in the US ended: January 21, 2010. USA is now
UCA (United Corporate America). <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL-_pGYwIvU" target="_blank">The
New American Corporatocracy! A Special Comment - Part 2 of 2</a></p>
<p><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8z_UCyOyRU8&amp;NR=1"
target="_blank">Keith Olbermann Interviews Alan Grayson About The
Supreme Court Case of Citizens United vs. FEC</a> - "103 years of
settled law overturned"<br /> <a href="http://savedemocracy.net"
target="_blank">Save Democracy</a> - Petition by Alan Grayson</note>

Id: youtube-020
<note>It would be really cool if this apparatus was added to Olympic
gymnastics.</p> <p><b>German Wheel</b></p> <ol> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdofoEl4R8U"
target="_blank">Simon Knapp German Wheel Straight Line
Exercise</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAk_p1fjRZc" target="_blank">Roue
Allemande, German wheel, Frédéric Lemieux Cormier</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr0fYUzvxP0"
target="_blank">Rhoenrad-WM 2011 in Arnsberg - Weltmeisterin Hoffmann
04 Juni 2010.flv</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hw59vHdC8pE"
target="_blank">Wheel Act Gymmotion 2007</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZdTCOJhQfY"
target="_blank">Rhönradturnen - World-Team Cup 2010 - Svenja Trepte
(Germany) - Spirale</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8clnDaY98Ps"
target="_blank">Peinture et Roue</a></li> </ol> <p><b>Cyr
Wheel</b></p> <ol> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzGTvYTAvXc" target="_blank">Cyr
Wheel Robert Maaser</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlSCa9mNlNo"
target="_blank">Arnsberg freut sich auf die Weltmeisterschaften im
Rhönradturnen 2011</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjtQC2x6FAU" target="_blank">Cyr
Act Gymmotion 2009 "The Ring"</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtNNwqcF_0g"
target="_blank">World Championships Wheel Gymnastics 2011 - Final "Cyr
Battle"</a> - wow</li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBBypvakUdI"
target="_blank">Circonvolution improbable... Alexandre Lane Roue Cyr -
Cyr wheel ImproCirque 9 juillet 2011</a> - wow</li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCRqwaZh7l0" target="_blank">Roue
Cyr Moscow</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XugfVuArOQg"
target="_blank">Angelica Bongiovonni Roue Cyr Demo</a></li> <li><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qDg9Cr_GJA" target="_blank">Cyr
Wheel Act - CORTEO (Cirque du Soleil)</a></li> </ol></note>

Id: youtube-028
<note>Well the first 5 min. is the summary; the actual video is almost
2 hrs. See also: 2011-02-03 for another short summary (15min)</p>
<p><a href="http://thoriumremix.com/act/"
target="_blank">http://thoriumremix.com/act/</a> - main site, you can
buy the DVD of this for $1.75. Spread the word. It has a Creative
Commons copyright so it can be copied and shared freely.</p> <p>The
Chinese are building this technology ($1 billion for the next 8
years). So far the US is doing nothing, mainly because this will
destabilized the current coal, gas, oil, and water-based nuclear
companies.</p> <p>For more links and discussions see: <a
href="http://energyfromthorium.com/"
target="_blank">http://energyfromthorium.com/</a></p> <p><a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKG6wZtcVVQ"
target="_blank">Energy from Thorium, LFTR Technology</a> - <a
href="http://flibe-energy.com/" target="_blank">by Flibe
Energy</a></note>

Id: youtube-044
<note><pre> That's interesting... ...tell me more. ...why would you
say that? ...why would you ask me that? ...why would you do that?
</pre> <p>More communication tips: <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/user/PowerDiversity"
target="_blank">PowerDiversity</a></note>

Id: youtube-049
<note>Tokyo railway optimal path design and slime mould... A single
celled organism can do 'optimization' as good as hundreds of
engineering minds put together... amazing video and amazing
creature... just fascinating... look at the optimal railway paths of
Tokyo created by the slime mould and be amazed...</note>

Id: youtube-059
<note>Just about all of the Electric Universe vidieos are here.</p>
<p><a href="https://www.thunderbolts.info/wp/" target="blank">The
Thunderbolts Project</a> - Home web site</note>

Id: youtube-063
<note>Very cool. An app that will connect blind people with sited
people who can describe to them what they see with there phone.</p>
<p>Here's the link to the app site: <a
href="https://www.bemyeyes.com/" target="_blank">Be My Eyes</a></note>

Id: youtube-064
<note>WildX Speaker Filmmaker and Hypnotist Albert Nerenberg suggests
there's something about sexuality the general public doesn't know. And
it's potentially amazing. In this entertaining breakthrough talk
Nerenberg explains he and Montreal hypnotist Dominique LaRoche
stumbled on a largely unknown side of human trance behavior that opens
up possibilities for sexual expression and healing. Humans can have
orgasms without contact and with their clothes on. And they can do it
by simply achieving a specific deeply relaxed state. Nerenberg claims
this may open up possibilities for sexual healing but there is a need
for an ethical framework. Either way, the implications are
considerable and new.</note>

Id: youtube-065
<note>A really nice visualization.</note>

Id: youtube-066
<note>Great speech about how humans treat the earth and life.</note>

Id: youtube-070
<note>My own video.</note>

Id: youtube-071
<note>Accurate and funny. Want more?<br /> See: <a
href="https://www.thejuicemedia.com/honest-government-ads/">https://www.thejuicemedia.com/honest-government-ads/</a><br
/> Honest Government Ads<br /> Authorized by the Department of Genuine
Satire.<br /> Produced by the Patrons of The Juice Media.</note>

Id: youtube-075
<note>Funny and sad.</note>

Id: youtube-078
<note>Hidden in democratic countries.</note>

Id: youtube-079
<note>I hope we can realize this beautiful story. It will take some
work to make a new "normal".</p> <p><a
href="https://forge.medium.com/prepare-for-the-ultimate-gaslighting-6a8ce3f0a0e0"
target="_blank">prepare-for-the-ultimate-gaslighting</a></note>

Id: youtube-082
<note>Another good one: <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbJcQYVtZMo"
target="_blank">Flashmob Flash Mob - Ode an die Freude (Ode to Joy)
Beethoven Symphony No.9 classical music</a> - notice: Europeans know
they should hold their cell phones horizontal to take videos. Videos
should never be recorded with a vertical orientation. Americans will
argue that vertical is OK. Really? Would you turning a video camera
sideways?</note>

Id: youtube-086
<note>Basics on how cells work</note>

Id: youtube-087
<note>Great video describing how speed of light is measured.</p>
<p>Too bad scientists are now making a big error by "assuming"
constants really are constant. Good scientists will keep
measuring.</note>

Id: youtube-089
<note>Amazing.</p> <p>local file:
the_hidden_secret_of_the_great_pyramids_construction_uncovered.webm</note>

Id: youtube-091
<note>What happened 13,000 years ago?</note>

Id: youtube-096
<note>Actually this is more about being a good movie director.</note>

Id: youtube-097
<note>Squirrels are amazing. Actually this a squirrel obstacle
course.</note>

Id: youtube-099
<note>Great details that describe the EU model.</note>

Id: youtube-102
<note>Mandelbrot set and the binomial equation.</note>

Id: youtube-105
<note>"We have an archaic idea of what family is," says Brooks in a
new episode of The Idea File. The nuclear family unit, Brooks argues,
is a privilege of the wealthy. Across the world, 38 percent of people
still live with extended family. And over the past half-century, the
share of people living alone in America has doubled. The nuclear
family is no longer the norm-and it should no longer be the
ideal.</note>

Id: youtube-110
<note>Very cool</note>

Id: youtube-114
<note>These are fun.</p> <p><a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-cl=84503534&amp;v=jEuoDAehWvA&amp;x-yt-ts=1421914688"
target="_blank">10 Life Hacks You Have To Try</a></note>

Id: youtube-117
<note>How narcissists use the double-bind to control people. It is
often used by organizations too.</p> <p>His personal story is sad. He
shows how to break double-binds.</note>

Id: youtube-118
<note>Permaculture--biodiversity, Bison for grazing the plains,
sustainable fishing with no bi-catch... Using proven methods that
regenerate, not deplete. Decentralized vs centralized
solutions.</note>

Id: youtube-119
<note>This is a good summary of his Coranation essay. ( <a
href="https://charleseisenstein.org/essays/the-coronation/"
target="_blank">The Coronation</a> )</p> <p>This is a good interview
where he covers many of the points in "The Coronation": <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK8C_rCz1yw" target="_blank">An
Epidemic of Control, Charles Eisenstein</a></p> <p>Another related
video: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyWgxuRo0Ws"
target="_blank">The Goal Of Life Is Not To Survive It</a></note>

Id: youtube-120
<note>What a world he pictures. Beautifully described in only 4
minutes!.</note>

Id: youtube-121
<note>Former cop, Paul Manning, shared a story detailing how he was
treated when he attempted to call-out officer misconduct.</p> <p>Don't
rat-out your buddies. They behave exactly like a gang. "Force"
requires external checks and balances.</p> <p>Lots of good political
commentary videos on this channel: The Rational National</note>

Id: youtube-122
<note>He gave a good view of how police think. Mainly they have no
patience for the time needed to de-escalate problems.</note>

Id: youtube-123
<note>This is cool. He has lots of other videos about motors.</p>
<p>This is part 2 of a good discussion about Engineering
Principles. (Unfortunately part 1 does not work in a browser
anymore--weird.) <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EfZDWRHG0E"
target="_blank">Engineering Principles for Makers Part 2; Material
Properties #067</a></note>

Id: youtube-124
<note>Lights on the moon, Air Force says UFOs are not earth craft, big
push for mining on the moon--huh? Well, the "lights" can be explained
by the EU theory.</note>

Id: youtube-125
<note>The answer: salt 1 hour or 1 day before cooking. Also, cook in
oven first then shear.</p> <p>I'm definitely going to try this
recipe.</note>

Id: youtube-136
<note>This is a great series of podcasts. They do deep dives into
trivial things. For example GPS time should be going slower than on
Earth surface, because their relative speed is greater, but wait their
relativity gravity effect is less so time is going faster than the
surface of Earth. So the net result: GPS time is faster by about 38
microsecond/day. See Relativity section at: <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Error_analysis_for_the_Global_Positioning_System"
target="_blank">Error analysis for the Global Positioning
System</a></p> <p><a
href="http://festivalofthespokennerd.com/podcast/"
target="_blank">Festival of the Spoken Word</a> -Home: A Podcast of
Unecessary Detail</note>

Id: youtube-137
<note>Cute.</note>

Id: youtube-145
<note>Really nice, if you like bag pipes.</note>

Id: youtube-146
<note>Those are big drums!</p> <p>You need to play this on your
stereo, with sub-woofers.</note>

Id: youtube-147
<note>Here is more from them: <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW1ok0CZ6CA"
target="_blank">BookStock2020 (Fendrick &amp; Peck with Scout &amp;
Morgan Books)</a></p> <p>And here is there web site with CD's for
sale: <a href="https://www.fendrickandpeck.com/"
target="_blank">Fendrick and Peck</a></note>

Id: youtube-148
<note>By the guy who describe the double-bind dilemma.</note>

Id: youtube-149
<note>ObamaGate. Cute.</note>

Id: youtube-150
<note>Cops respond to protests against systemic racism and police
brutality with military tactics, macing and more of the same violence
that protesters are working to shut down.</p> <p>Let us not forget
this, this time!</note>

Id: youtube-155
<note>This channel also has a number of video about how to use a
microscope.</note>

Id: youtube-156
<note>Bizarre!</note>

Id: youtube-157
<note>This is a wonderful tour. You really get to see how they move
around. I liked one of the comments on the video: take a drink for
every time he says "storage".</p> <p>This is another tour done 4 years
later. The interior is more cluttered. <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Snn1k_qEx20"
target="_blank">Grand tour of the International Space Station with
Drew and Luca | Single take - Jan 26, 2020</a></note>

Id: youtube-158
<note>Here's the web site link: <a
href="https://spotthestation.nasa.gov/home.cfm" target="_blank">Spote
The Station</a></note>

Id: zeitgeist-01
<note>Related: <a href="http://www.thevenusproject.com/"
target="_blank">The Venus Project</a> and <a
href="http://sfgirl-thealiennextdoor.blogspot.com/2009/03/venus-project-bombastic-dream-or.html"
target="_blank">The Venus Project: Bombastic Dream or Realizable
Future?</a></note>

Id: zerotech-01
<note>50min flight time. 2 props.</note>

